
Relations are a strange thing in my opinion .. we all are looking for love and care ... do not appreciate what is and do not think about the consequences .. why is a person inclined to think primarily about himself? What is an attempt to protect your ego?

What do you think?

Life values are highly important in every person’s life. They can bring people together or drive them apart. A lot depends on one’s moral values. If they are positive, it gives an overall peace and joy. For some the first and utmost value is the family, for others it’s religion or ethnicity. I was lucky to grow up in a strong family background, which is why I believe that family should be the most important component in everyone’s life. Apart from that I believe that good education gives lots of opportunities in modern society.

The second value for me is love. I believe that a person can not live without love. We are born to receive and give away our love.

My third value is friendship. I believe when people are surrounded by good and faithful friends, they are much happier than those who have none. There are a number of personal traits that I value in other people and myself. First of all, it’s honesty. I’m sure that only those who have clear conscience can develop self-respect. Secondly, I value modesty in every human being. In my opinion it allows you to see the limits of your abilities and keeps from becoming too reckless or overconfident. Thirdly, I chose forgiveness as one of the most important values of life. Usually it’s not easy to forgive someone who hurt you, but it’s necessary if you want to live in peace with yourself. In other words forgiveness allows you to stay emotionally healthy and holds you from anger and resentment.

Do you have values? If so, which ones?

I’d like to add that life would be so much different, but boring if people had no values at all. Do you agree with me?

I look forward to your reply,

Natalia


The ability to think about others is good or bad ... I love animals and children in this respect .. they are sincere, if they do not like something they say directly, do not hesitate .. is it bad to express your feelings and emotions directly?
