WHO IS ZULFIKAR MOINUDDIN AHMED EXACTLY?

Ladies and Gentlemen,

I was a human being a thousand years ago.  Then I was English, an English Knight.  In the intervening thousand years, I believe I was an Angel of Heaven.  I was then born in Bengal to a good man in November 19 1973, a profoundly gentle man, deeply devoted to the service of Bengali people.  And a thousand year hence I will most likely be born as human again.  This life was quite satisfying.  I had given my people the final Mathematical Laws of macroscopic Nature.  I have some other things I am doing as well, but my purpose for being a human being in the last 47 years is still being clarified.  What is quite clear to me is that the Universe does love the Human Race, there is no doubt about this, for otherwise it is almost impossible that I, ZULFIKAR MOINUDDIN AHMED, would be born as a human being on this world.  But I am no visitor to human race from another place; I am fully human being, fully American, and my heart is a human heart.  I am here as human being because I do love the Human Race.  There are other places and other Races but Human Race is one of my favourites.  You, We, we are Noble, and we are quite able to achieve greatness, and there are some other Races who are not always in the favour of Human Race.  It is, however, a Primitive Age of Man.  The Human Race is still scattered and divided, into tribes and conflicting nations and religions and such.  I won't do much about this.  I did try to form a Great Republic of Humanity but it is not time yet for this.  I am ZULF.  I am ZULF and I am currently in the process of establishing myself as a Technology Entrepreneur.  I don't pay too much attention to professional career paths and such.  Professionally I have worked in Finance, Technology, Biotech and have held senior positions in all of these.  But I am ZULF, I don't worry too much about kudos and ceremonial kowtows and all that.  I am working on the merge of Psychology with Technology and hope to have some good products as CEO of Thyself Inc.  I do continuously ask myself what is my precise purpose on Earth this time, why am I here, as human, rather than something else somewhere else, and always I find that these things are quite sharp and clear when the time comes, and I can see new purpose, and I evolve every day, I evolve and I have new progress.  It's a Mercantile Age now.  I generally don't like Mercantile Ages, the Arts suffer and Merchants are not Noble enough for my taste.  But anyway, some things about me.

Thank you,
ZULFIKAR MOINUDDIN AHMED
